but not
I hope you are quite well then
I have been bringing the good fishing
minecraft edition the latest version that
has left
the weird thing is that they did not put three clouds
how he knew they had said no
we put in 3d then the options
they simply changed the color to
that the sun the moon with with the clouds
because they see that it looked the same
now different the bus that they have fixed
more than anything they focused on the
search tells that there was for example the
of the bucket not that you put water
and the kite disappears and they are
I went back to the inventory because that
and they have the bucket in their hand and another
the sun and the one key in that then it
I saw when still like this when already night in
corners and you go to the corners
go and the sun that was down also what
they removed this now it disappears when
low disappears and is not seen on the moon
change shape is the half moon he
do not fill it with pesetas and so the
positions of the moon and there are many things
now they added sounds sounds but
which
sounds when they understand the lighter not
the ics is heard
so the sound of the lighter check it and
you hear when you break them
swords or shovel whatever they are
break it is heard as if they broke
very very nice because that does give
a special touch to minecraft is not
a lot that have changed it but yes
it's very nice that when you get added
united another thing is the sound when
you eat fruits you hear
I do not know but it was heard when routes
how to try it down
and I started it is not an apple whatever and
check it out so put guys and the
I see every block delicious to the tablet
but well finally see you until the
next and chau chau
ah
to